Use the antlr parser for parsing pg arrays. (bp #9390) (#9393)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/unreleased.rst

Fixes
=====

> - Fixed the issue in the PostgreSQL Wire Protocol that would have led to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where values of type ``array(varchar)`` were decoded incorrectly if they contained a ``,`` character. This occurred when the PostgreSQL wire protocol was used in ``text`` mode.
```
